Update docs after contract simplifications (#1060)
beamer-bridge/beamer: docs/source/whitepaper.rst

When Bob filled Alice's request, a proof was sent by the ``fill manager`` contract on rollup B to the outbox of
rollup B on L1. This proof is a call to a ``resolver`` contract on L1 and contains the following fields:

- request ID
- fill ID
- rollup B's chain ID
- rollup A's chain ID
- Bob's address

To trigger L1 resolution is to apply this call on L1 using the data from the rollup B's outbox. This will forward the
information from the resolver to the inbox of rollup A in the form of a call to the ``request manager``.
This request manager will store ``Bob`` as the rightful filler and the ``fill ID`` to the request object. This marks any
claim created by Bob with the corresponding ``fill ID`` to be valid. The  Rollup A's chain ID is necessary for

> the ``resolver`` contract to know to which ``request manager`` to forward the proof to. Rollup B's chain ID is used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``Resolver`` contract to know to which ``request manager`` to forward the proof to. Rollup B's chain ID is used to
```

> restrict the call to authenticated ``fill manager`` and ``cross domain messenger`` contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restrict the call to authenticated messenger contract on rollup B.
```

Instead of proving that someone other than Charles filled a request, Bob will need to prove that Charles did not fill
the request as claimed. For that, Bob needs to create and submit an ``L1 non-fill proof`` from rollup B to rollup A.

When called, the fill manager contract on rollup B checks that no fills exists for the corresponding request ID and fill ID.
It then submits a proof to the outbox of rollup B indicating that the fill ID is invalid for the given request ID, i.e.
that the request ID cannot be mapped to the fill ID.

Similarly to the filled L1 resolution case, Bob can then trigger a call on L1 to forward this message to rollup A. This

> message will store a flag in the ``request manager`` stating that the fill ID is invalid for the given request. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message will store a flag in the request manager stating that the fill ID is invalid for the given request. This
```

Author: Can you read the whole section, please? All other contracts are highlighted as well. Should I remove this from all of them?

invalidates any claim with the corresponding fill ID.

> To make sure the proof arrives in time on rollup A, Bob will need to call the ``fill manager`` as soon as he notices a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure the proof arrives in time on rollup A, Bob will need to call the fill manager as soon as he notices a
```
